## The hourglass gets clearer but life become blurrier

My earliest memory comes from when I was 8.  
I was at a home-based daycare, surrounded by kids my age.  
I was the only one with a fancy keypad mobile.  
_(In 2008 India, kids with personal phones were a rarity. Probably still are)_ 

I opened the calendar app on the Ericsson.  
I forwarded one year.   
I saw 2009. I felt excited. I'd be so much bigger in 3rd standard!   
I kept forwarding, faster.  
The phone made a sound at every press.  
I bet Pratiksha Aunty was pissed.  

What about 2015?   
I'd be in 10th Grade, woah. I would have fully grown up. I wonder if I I'd have started earning by now.  
2030? 30 is really old. I wonder if I'd have two kids by now. I wonder if I'd have made billions from becoming an Aeronautical Engineer.  
Will I have bought my mansion, so my parents can live with me?  
_(In 2007-8, every newspaper boasted about Aeronautical Engineer salaries. So I figured, why not become one?)_

I kept moving forward.  
Every following year felt like bliss,  
It was like those "happily every after" movies.  
Until I hit 2040.  

                    **2040**.  
In 2040, I'll be 40.  
My parents are around 40 right now.  
My dad's mom passed away a week ago. His dad passed away before I was even born.  
He has no parents now.  
Will I have no parents in 2040? 

Every keypress felt a thousand times heavier,  
Every passing month felt empty,  
Emptier than my childhood dream.  
2041, 2042, 2043, 2044, 2045,  
I closed the app. 

I wish my parents lived forever.

I researched all a 9 year-old could with a keypad phone with a GPRS connection.   
I came across Cryogenic chambers & remember feeling fascinated.  
I even looked up its cost- it was around $60K USD per year.   
Not too bad, right? Way cheaper than a mansion!

But that's not living forever.  
That's keeping them dead forever.

---
+14 years. Here I am.

There's still a~~n irrational~~^ side in me that wants immortality to be a reality.

The other side:  
I don't know.  
There would no longer be [Sakura](Sakura.md) moments.  
My current perception of seeing Death as the greatest gift would be shattered.

The ~~possibility~~ fact of my loved ones dying one day is what drives my actions.  
It is what makes me want to [live beautifully](../live%20beautifully.md) right now, instead of delaying things for a distant future.  
The future never existed.

But I still believe 150-200 healthy years spent living beautifully,doing what's wise would speed our evolution as humans to heights that can't be imagined. 

That's what excites me.  
The fact that I can't imagine anymore.

---

^ : I cut irrational as I can't tell if *present me* is rational
