# My dog, Buddy helped me learn a valuable lesson

Buddy is 7 now. 
They say a dog's [[Sakura]] moment happens by 5.
Has Buddy's best years passed by?
The first five years stood out, for sure.
I still remember his first outdoor walk, his first car ride and his first outing to the beach.

And before I got a dog. Before the biases & self-affirmations I developed after getting one.
I did consider dogs above 5 old. 
So odds are, he's old.

I remember my throat tightening when he turned four.
Was it anxiety for the future? Regrets? Frustration?
Or despair for not having his age under my control?
I can't name the feeling. I only remember feeling bad.
And that I deserved it.
Also, that I did nothing.

It was not his Sakura moment, I created that outcome.
Stuck with walking in the same places. Stuck with performing the same tricks.
The same hide & seek. The same high five. 
The same life.
And I did nothing.

One day, a dog of his own kind bit Buddy. 
Ever since, he'd at any male dogs we'd enounter. 
Did his [resentment](resentment.md) meter go over 9000?
I did nothing. 
Let's ignore the dragon by avoiding interaction with all dogs. 
Only interactions with humans, whom he loved. 
I found it funny as he began resembling me, only vice-versa.

Other recalling than the repetitive resort rooms, I recall one hike.
That one hike which went wrong.
City dogs are no different than city dwellers. 
They are terrible at adjusting to the nature. 
The harsh weather & terrains. The abundant animals & insects.
Never again.

We visted a farmhouse.
The experience was riddled with power outages and cows.
Lots of cows.
I stopped taking him anywhere with animals.

My throat continued to feel tight. Nothing helped. 
Doing nothing wasn't helping.

I began taking him to new places 
He barked at dogs who barked. I barked at humans who barked. 
Now we both choose to ignore them. 
And focus on what's important.
For him that's sniffing. 
And for me, it's dreaming.

I thought I'd never see him off-leash.
Him sniffing around & wagging his tail, with me standing far away.
And him coming back at my recall.
I saw it! Thanks to a friend.
And some mistakes. 
It's amazing how many wonders in my life arose from mistakes.
I should make more of these 'mistakes'.
Or is it just that [Life is random](Life%20is%20random.md)?
That outcomes are independent of action?

He spent his whole life in the same neighborhood. Never exploring new places more than a couple odd days.
So we tried living at my granny's place.
I saw him enjoying the new environment,
having so many new lamp posts to pee on.
He made many friends, so did I.

He gave me countless chances to apply the [[lifespan controller]].
He lengthened my lifespan.
Did I do the same for him?

My throat isn't as tight.
So maybe I'm heading for the light?

----

[If you're interested on the story behind writing this](https://briddhesh.com/2022/07/05/writemore.html).
